fix: update concurrency by number of session rather kernel (#1029)
lablup/backend.ai: changes/1029.fix.md

> Update concurrency by number of session rather kernel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `concurrency_used` per access key by number of sessions rather kernels.
```
